AIP-162: Forbid deleting only remaining revision (#692)
googleapis/aip: aip/general/0162.md

  (this could lead to dangerous or confusing mistakes).
- If the resource supports soft delete, then revisions of that resource
  **should** also support soft delete.

> - The API **must not** cause the _resource_ to be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The method **must not** cause the _resource_ to be deleted.
```

Author: Adopted this suggestion

>   - If the resource cannot exist with no revisions, then the API **must** fail 
>     with a `FAILED_PRECONDITION` error if the request targets the only revision.

Reviewer: I wonder if we should be more prescriptive here, e.g. say that:

```suggestion
  - Because a resource **should not** exist with zero revisions, the method
    **must** fail with `FAILED_PRECONDITION` if the user attempts to delete the
    only revision.
```

Author: Adopted this suggestion
